Add back clotributor link to getting started doc (#386)
cncf/tag-contributor-strategy: website/content/contributors/getting-started.md

For new contributors, the TAG can be a valuable resource, providing guidance on technical issues and offering advice on how to navigate the CNCF ecosystem and getting involved in various projects.

> **[The CNCF Mentoring WG (Working Group)](https://github.com/cncf/mentoring)** is an initiative aimed at providing support and guidance to new contributors looking to get involved in the CNCF community. The group focuses on creating a welcoming and inclusive environment for individuals of all backgrounds and skill levels to contribute to open source projects. One of the group's main objectives is to identify and promote "good first issues," beginner-friendly tasks that can help new contributors gain confidence and familiarity with the project's codebase and development workflow. Be sure to visit the [CLOTributor](https://clotributor.dev/) website to discover great opportunities to become a Cloud Native contributor. Additionally, the Mentoring Working Group provides resources such as documentation, tutorials, and one-on-one mentorship to help new contributors navigate the project's technical and social aspects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**[The CNCF Mentoring WG (Working Group)](https://github.com/cncf/mentoring)** is an initiative aimed at providing support and guidance to new contributors looking to get involved in the CNCF community. The group focuses on creating a welcoming and inclusive environment for individuals of all backgrounds and skill levels to contribute to open source projects. One of the group's main objectives is to identify and promote "good first issues," beginner-friendly tasks that can help new contributors gain confidence and familiarity with the project's codebase and development workflow. Be sure to visit the [CLOTributor](https://clotributor.dev/) website to find open issues suitable for new contributors. Additionally, the Mentoring Working Group provides resources such as documentation, tutorials, and one-on-one mentorship to help new contributors navigate the project's technical and social aspects.
```
